Updates for issue 124 (#135)
riscv/riscv-smmtt: chapter3.adoc

For HFENCE.GVMA, the guest-physical address argument is within the context of
the current virtual machine idenfied by the combination of the SDID field of the

> CSR mmpt and the VMID specified in source register rs2. Executing an HFENCE.GVMA guarantees

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSR mmpt and the VMID value in rs2. Executing an HFENCE.GVMA guarantees
```

that any previous stores already visible to the current hart are ordered before
all implicit reads by that hart done for G-stage address translation for
instructions that follow the HFENCE.GVMA, and execute with the same mmpt.SDID
and hgatp.VMID when HFENCE.GVMA executed.

For HFENCE.VVMA, the guest-virtual address argument is within the context of
the current virtual machine identified by the combination of the ASID specified

> in source register rs2, the VMID field of CSR hgatp, and the SDID field of CSR mmpt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value in rs2, the VMID field of CSR hgatp, and the SDID field of CSR mmpt.
```
